# easy-radio
Thank you for using our app EASY RADIO. Your private data is important to us. 
Our app does not collect any specific data. We work with our partner Google Admob Inc to use publicity and provide this content for free. 
Mainly, Admob service uses cookies to present you ads according to your interests. 
You can always opt-out of personalised ads by configuring your google account on your phone.

If you need to get more information on how Google Admob advertisement is working or how to disable the personalised ads on your phone, 
you can follow this link GOOGLE ADVERTISING: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads   
Concerning the management of your data you can follow this link GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY: https://policies.google.com/privacy 

**Privacy Policy**

patman1706 built the Easy Radio app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by patman1706 at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. 


**Information Collection and Use**

The app does not collect any data.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

No Personal Information is collected in the built-in app. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. Again the built-in app collects zero personal or non personnal information. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-02-08

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at calibox.spring@yahoo.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
